# Meeting Agenda (Quang)

**21 May 2019 6.30-7.30PM:** 

**In attendance:** Madeline, Dominique, Quang, Kira, Daniela, Agustina.

**Facilitator:** Quang

**Knowledge Manager:** Dominique

## A. Topics/Goals
1. Alignment and logic of models 
* Use cases 
* Interactions 
* Components 
* Any new queries or issues? 
2. Format for linking diagrams - completed? Consistency check. 
3. Narratives - any that require more detail? 
4. Milestone: Design for 'smart' functionality to use data on learner performance and direct feedback for course design 
5. Assign roles for final week.

## B. Activities (Facilitator)

### Activity 1
**Duration (20 minutes):**

There was a lot of updates this week, so lots of pull requests and merge conflicts. A few members of the team had problems with  merging so the components and interaction diagrams were not up to date. In particular Components.md was messy.
Augustina cleaned up the first two component diagrams during the meeting and merged them into one. After the meeting Daniela and Dominique will update their models. All of these changes have already made, they just need to be merged properly.
We will use this opportunity to test merging to another team members branch to see if that avoids the conflicts that we have been coming up against. We believe it could be a case of merging directly to the master. 
Dominique had made some major changes to her components diagram so would like some feedback ASAP.

### Activity 2
**Duration (15 minutes):**

This week we were meant to address formatting issues and narrative inconsistencies to make sure the pages all flow well together. Last week Dominique went through every page and made a list in an issue titled [Group to do list](https://github.sydney.edu.au/crli/EDPC5022-2019-TeamC/issues/64)
Most of this was addressed so the remaining members will now look into this. We have agreed to follow the formatting laid out in the issue titled [Format for linking to other corresponding diagrams](https://github.sydney.edu.au/crli/EDPC5022-2019-TeamC/issues/59)
When linking we must make sure to link to the exact model, not just the page it sits on. To do this you must hover your cursor over the title of the model until you see a hyperlink icon. This will give you a special link that takes you to that exact spot in the document.
Narrative parragraphs should be at least 5 pages long. Only use dot points for links to other models.
Everyone agreed to focus on getting the formatting done by EOD Wednesday so that it will be clear if there are any other inconsistencies still to be addressed.

********

### Activity 3
**Duration (10 minutes):**

Did not get around to addressing the optional smart functionality diagrams but still interested in doing it. Dominique will create an interactions diagram as AI will be the focus and Peter said AI can not be an actor in a use case diagram. 
Daniela would like to contribute with a focus on learning analytics. Dominqiue will get this done by Thursday. Corresponding components diagram will only be done if anyone has the time.

We reviewed Augustina's IOT use case diagram and Quang's corresponding components diagram. The only comments made were that, although it was a focused diagram modelling only a small section of the greater whole, it was not clear what the meaning of the use case was. E.g. why was this happening? There was a discussion regarding if it was because of the lack of LE & PE, or that maybe it just needed to be fleshed out in the narrative. 

### Activity 4
**Duration (15 minutes):**

We the discussed how we would present this information next week and it seemes logical to divide it into parts. The roles are as follows:

Readme - Dominique
Use cases - Quang
Interactions - Daniela
Components - Augustina
processes/contributing - Kira 
insights - Madi 

It was agreed that we should present in a slide format and Augustina volunteered to create a google slides document for us. We will assess if we need to meet again on the weekened.


## Follow up actions 

* Daniela to update LAP components diagram as there was an error 
* Dominique to then update PE components diagram (will report to the team re: the succes of the merging to branch process)
* Members to review Dominique diagram
* Maddie to update interactions page tonight, changing depositpry to repository and updating Dom's hyperlinks.
* Everyone to add links to all corresponding models by EOD Wednesday (link to actual model, not just page).
* Everyone to make sure their paragraphs are at least 5 lines long.
* Dominique to do smart functionality interactions diagram
* Daniela to add to this with analytics section
* Augustina to add double sided arrows between devices and xAPI & add LE & PE.
* Augustina to add to the narrative how the actors may use the data from the devices.
* Augustina to create google slides document to collaborate on
* Everyone to add to the google slide document and practice their part of the presentation!


**[Link to the recording:](http://webconf.ucc.usyd.edu.au/pshc16ac8so0/)**


**end**
