# Meeting Agenda (Facilitator)

**Date/Time:** 30 APRIL 2019

**In attendance:** Madeline, Dominique, Quang, Kira, Daniela, Agustina.

**Facilitator:** Dominique

**Knowledge Manager:** Daniela

## A. Agenda: Topics/Goals

1. Quang to discuss updates to use cases
    * pending Peter’s clarification - how many use cases/“situations" we are meant to have?
    * discuss “smaller” use case models -  Course/Environments Depository and the Learning Analytics Platform 
    * how many models (e.g. interactions & component models) are we meant to have per use case?
2. Dominique to discuss interactions model 
    * may need to align with Quang’s latest model
3. Agustina to discuss Component model
4. A review of our processes
    * Tagging all team members
    * Branches with week number. Who makes this?
    * What documents can’t be merged.
    * Sunday meeting?
    * Agustina/Dominique Knowledge Manage swap
5. New Task

## B. Activities (Facilitator)


### Activity 1: Analysis of the three use-scenario models 
**Duration: 15 minutes**

Discuss Week 8 activities
  * Comparison between the original model and the 2.0 version.
  * Integration of one part (pedagogical patterns, monitoring needs and learning constraints) of the third use-scenario to the “personalisation engine” component in Quang’s model.

********

### Activity 2: Review Processes
**Duration: 5 minutes**

Review Processes


********

### Activity 3: 
**Duration: 12 minutes**

Discuss Week 9 task


********

## Follow up actions (Facilitator, Knowledge Manager)

1.	Quang will update the use scenario.
2.	Quang will propose two use cases for the Personalisation engine component and for the Learning analytics platform. 
3.	All of us will give feedback about point 2.
4.	For use-case 1 (Personalisation engine)
    - Madeline will propose an interactions diagram
    - Dominic will propose a component diagram
5.	For use-case 2 (Learning analytics platform)
     - Agustina will propose an interactions diagram
     - Kira will propose a component diagram 
6.	Dominic will update the roster
7.	Dominic will adjust her interactions diagram to reflect Quang’s new user scenario model.
8.	Agustina will adjust her component diagram based on the feedback aroused in the group’s meeting (30.04.19)
9.	Agustina will create a new issue on Peter's 4 questions for Phase 2. 
10.	Kira will update the Processes.md
11.	Quang will update the Contributing.md
12.	Daniela will update the Meeting.md
13.	Daniela will update the Readme.md according to Peter’s feedback
14.	Madeline will contribute to the Insights.md
15.	All of us will review research papers and/or online examples and post findings or ideas.

# Additional notes taken during the meeting (Knowledge Manager, Facilitator)

(Everything worth mentioning from the meeting that does not fit into the points above.)


# Notes from the meeting recording (Knowledge Manager)

**Feedback (include questions) for Agustina’s component diagram:**
•	Include Instructor and System Designer in the “Controller layer”
•	Rename "Services Layer" by "Personalisation Layer"
•	Where should we put the xAPI component? Data Layer or Tools Layer?
•	Incorporate the analytics platform in the “Tools Layer”
•	What is the difference between the depository and the library?
•	Add a system component in the “Data Layer”


**Link to the recording:** http://webconf.ucc.usyd.edu.au/p0smz37b0218/

**end**
